What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A file named .git is created, which "marks" the directory as a repository.
This allows for the creation and tracking of commits; those functions are the reason
for initializing a repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area contains files that haven't been committed, but will be when the next commit is created. The staging 
area allows for collecting all files that need to be tracked together, and then tracking that desired group in the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
If multiple files have undergone changes in working directory, stage one at a time and commit. This
saves the changes to each file in a separate commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches are useful anytime different variations of a code are being developed, such as different game modes.
Branches allow for code that has a common foundation to be developed using different approaches as well, by 
having a separate history of changes for each branch, from the point of its creation.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams show how the manner in which commits reference their parents prevents visibility of other branches
when using git log.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branches combines the changes introduced by each branch since the last common commit, applies them and
sets the result as the latest commit of the master branch(?) The branch label of the auxiliary branch is then deleted , and its commits
are referenced by the merger commit. The diagram visualizes a merge as a new node that now points to both the last master/auxiliary nodes.
This represents how the merger now tracks commits in both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros: saving time. Cons: the sum total of merged changes might lead to loss of functionality, so merging would still
be done manually in the end, however this isn't really a con and git allows for manual conflict resolution anyway.